[LMS-clean] support transformer (#46)
TiarkRompf/lms-clean: src/main/scala/lms/transformation/tensor.md

and see if they need to be updated for our purpose. In backend.scala, we have
`object Backend`
that contains the basic building blocks of `Exp`, `Def`, `Node`, and `Block`.
We have a `class GraphBuilder` that implements the `reflect` and `reify` functions for
building a LMS IR using the basic blocks in `object Backend`. The construction happens in the
frontend.scala file, where the `program` function reifies the `Block` that is the user program:

``` scala
def program(f: INT => INT): Graph = program(g.reify { x => f(INT(x)).x })
def program(body: => Block): Graph = {
  assert(g == null)
  g = mkGraphBuilder()
  try {
    val block = body
    Graph(g.globalDefs, block, g.globalDefsCache.toMap)
  } finally {g = null}
}
```

The logic of this snippet should be clear.
1. A `GraphBuilder` is constructed (the `mkGraphBuilder()` can be override by other classes).
2. The `body` block is evaluted to `reflect` the nodes and `reify` the blocks into the `GraphBuilder`. Then a `Graph` object is returned containing all nodes, final block, and a hashmap from `Sym` to `Node` (for getting the definition of a `Sym`).
3. Then the `g` is reset to null.

> In the more sofisticated frontend `stub.scala`, we use an `object Adapter` as the graph constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the more sophisticated frontend `stub.scala`, we use an `object Adapter` as the graph constructor.
```

It overrides the `mkGraphBuilder()` with `GraphBuilderOpt`, which has more optimizations at
node construction.
To offer a `Rep[T]` type for each `Backend.Exp`, the `Backend.Exp` are wrapped in a `Wrap[T]` class
``` scala
case class Wrap[+A:Manifest](x: lms.core.Backend.Exp) extends Exp[A] {
   Adapter.typeMap(x) = manifest[A]
}
```
And the mapping from `Backend.Exp` to `Manifest[_]` is kept in `Adapter.typeMap`.
`Adapter.funTable` is another `Adapter` state that maps from frontend functions to their

> canonicanization. Note that after building the LMS IR in `Adapter`, the `typeMap` and `funTable`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
canonicalized forms. Note that after building the LMS IR in `Adapter`, `typeMap` and `funTable`
```
